Update pull_request_template.md to include another test plan check (#31)
freedomofpress/securedrop-yum-prod: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] Tag in securedrop-workstation repository is correct: https://github.com/freedomofpress/securedrop-workstation/releases/tag/x.y.z
- [ ] Build logs are included: https://github.com/freedomofpress/build-logs/commit/1234
- [ ] CI is passing, the rpm is properly signed with the prod key

> - [ ] Manually verify that the rpm is properly signed with the prod key by running `rpm -qi <rpm>` and copy pasting the Signature KEY ID into `gpg -k <KEY ID>`

Reviewer: I think it may be worth giving instructions to add the key to GPG's keyring in case it weren't:

```suggestion
- [ ] Manually verify that the rpm is properly signed with the prod key:
    1. First add the prod key to the GPG keyring: `gpg --recv-key 2359E6538C0613E652955E6C188EDD3B7B22E6A3`
    1. Get the Singnature KEY ID from `rpm -qi <rpm>`
    1. Copy pasting the Signature KEY ID into `gpg -k <KEY ID>` and verify that it's indeed the **SecureDrop Release Signing Key**
```

Reviewer 2: Good suggestion. I'm going to modify this a bit more + incorporate @eloquence's feedback that some of the other test plan checks are a bit too vague.
